So in previous rebellion, I told you we already created a filter for feeding and checking that box.
Now what we are going to do on what we are going to perform, it's commenting if you haven't noticed
that this is my encryption filter and everything I to mention here.
So.
I give it as a ladies, you may delete that part also.
I just told you how we are going to create a filter party to your.
In Java.
So you can be able to spot audio.
You can keep it as like this one.
So I do index, but to mention, let me mention Lake Lake image.
OK.
Or at least message for this part.
It rose and with their next idea, incriminating music data to create a reset anyway.
So next, in this simple form, it's like creating host.
Now this is my response time.
We're just going to put encrypted and decrypted data here.
So let me just use.
I already created one glass and everything that we can use that are completely clear.
First of all, I already.
William already created new buildings, and I will explain how it's going to work.
Basically what this is and the bills.
OK, so the whole thing is not, so what is this thing?
So this is my interim free dorm room instead of using what I'm using here.
And distinctive filtering.
Also broke the glass with celebrities running and stippling, so it will my part again.
So.
Take me to one can let me close my personal economic meltdown to encrypt part I already created.
I'm mentioning the decline in bullion as we learned through the country as it is then do see therefore
the filtration filter and message.
So I'm thinking long message as a message and similar thing.
I'm going to read it, but here I am.
Using it as means a lot.
He is algorithm I'm using, I'm using here B, which is a very strong algorithm.
The previous encryption, which is using his very strong delivery algorithm, Kimberly is using it like
it is creating the option for latent, encrypted multiple times.
It's decrypted multiple times to avoid the more security needs.
Excellent platform.
First, I mentioned only is so it's one thing only instead of this I'm using to building stability,
then I'm setting the attributes here.
And request this budget response to.
Wait a minute for me.
It is boss, so it will go directly to that part.
This boss dodges that request.
And with all these things, sort.
But you know what animals are, so if you want to check, you can check that it's raining.
And that's a little hot here.
So.
Deploying is an interesting building.
Let me go to this encryption little messages.
Hello.
Well.
I already created Helloworld Encrypt data.
So it will encrypt data for me.
No, you get it.
This is my people.
It is encrypted algorithm design.
Hello, world, is this if you want to do another thing?
I am owner of this application.
I just.
And team.
OK, so that's a random message, including energy he's created.
So.
I created both platforms on the same path.
Let me tell you why I created the shortlist, not performing, no application for marketing.
You can create encryption data from trees next and decryption data filter is another program.
If they want the same data, you can put and send this data to your friend or object.
So if someone is existing data, no one can understand, what does this mean?
There is no meaning for this, and there are scarce goods also, but it's decrypting and water of this
application.
Ask me anything but.
So this is how it's working, the encryption and decryption of data on this.
So I created one simple platform You can work, you can extend it more.
You then create jet application with this ciphertext downloaded on you.
You can handle messaging things like this.
But then for the most part.
So will you understand?
And I will explain briefly this call if you want to choose.
You can delete this or this is no longer required.
All right.
So I'm using this as my info to do this, but I told you it's how it's looking.
Firstly, the encrypted mode and creating encrypting decryptor, and I'm printing and doing that request
dispatched to this.
If I'm reading the catch neuter, it will bring me this.
You can easily do it.
So but the problem with solid is it's printing the output in console also.
So that might be one data breach euros so you can check the URL if you're putting this in our filter.
You might get this also if I'm using so that you will not get these all back in part.
But what is this so little of context and why I'm putting this?
I can create one database entries with this lock files.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.